
Project Overview:
As part of this project, we will have direct access to web APIs and will start writing our package or program to establish connections with additional data sources. After that, we will construct a straightforward website with a few static pages and a limited amount of dynamic content to fill them. Dealing with geographical information will be the focus of Part 1. We will be tasked with developing a tool that, when fed an address or the name of a location, will provide the most convenient MBTA stop as well as the distance between the given location and that stop. The objective of Part 2 is to construct a straightforward website that makes use of the module named mbta_helper that we developed in Part 1. Python's Flask provides a web framework that is both lightweight and powerful and it enables us to construct a web application in a relatively short period. As for the project extensions, we added some css elements for the page display. For the index page, we changed the font as well as the positions for the body. In addition, instead of using a button with words on it, we changed it to a live image. For the result page, we embedded a google map using the Iframe function. 

Project Reflection:
I: From a process point of view, we had a linear working process where all team members worked on the same problem, instead of dividing up the work. Through the process, we consulted some of our classmates as well as online sources such as MDM. For the final product, the only problem is that we couldn’t figure out how to make a multi-word input functional. We ran through the database multiple times to find structure, however, we were unsuccessful in the end. 

II: We decided to split the programming into sections to code. It was quite troublesome to code as a team because there is no feature similar to Google Docs where all of us can code simultaneously, so one person would have to push to GitHub before the others could see it. Some team members would sometimes forget to push and then they would not be in front of their computer for a while, so it wasted some time when someone was ready to work on it but didn’t have the latest code from the previous team member. The best solution would be to have 3 members working together in person, but because of class schedules, midterms, and off-campus obligations, we weren’t able to do that for this project. Overall, we felt it was difficult to work in a team as coding is more of an individual assignment because even if we were sitting together, they would only be one person typing and the other two watching. The other two members could look up issues and fix bugs, but it doesn’t seem like the best use of our time. In the final project, our goal is to have each team member code an app, then we can bring those all together in the main. 

